Nextcloud Apps guides and refactor (#372)
Start9Labs/documentation: site/source/user-manual/service-guides/nextcloud/nextcloud-apps/nc-photos.rst

.. _nc-photos:

================
Nextcloud Photos
================
Nextcloud Photos is a basic gallery for viewing and managing your photos.  First set up your :ref:`client devices<nextcloud-setup>`, so that Nextcloud will automatically keep your photos synced.

Clients available for:

- Mobile
    - Android

NC App Setup
------------
#. Photos is included by default and there will be an icon in your top menu for "Photos."  Click it and you will be in the web UI viewing your gallery.

Desktop & Mobile Setups
-----------------------

Les Pas (Android)
.................
`Les Pas <https://github.com/scubajeff/lespas>`_ is a great mobile gallery for viewing and organizing your photos, gifs, and videos.

#. First, install Les Pas from your favorite app store (Aurora, F-Droid, or Play Store), or from `the github repository <https://github.com/scubajeff/lespas/releases>`_.

> #. At the welcome screen, you will be asked to either enter your server URL or scan a QR code.  In your Nextcloud instance, click the top right-hand menu -> Personal Settings -> Security and create an app password.  Hit "show QR Code" and then scan it with Les Pas.

Reviewer: top-right menu -> Personal Settings -> Hamburger (3 lines) Menu > Security > Devices & Sessions > Create new app password

> #. At the welcome screen, you will be asked to either enter your server URL or scan a QR code.  In your Nextcloud instance, click the top right-hand menu -> Personal Settings -> Security and create an app password.  Hit "show QR Code" and then scan it with Les Pas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. At the welcome screen, you will be asked to either enter your server URL or scan a QR code.  In your Nextcloud instance, click the top-right menu -> Personal Settings -> Hamburger (3 lines) Menu > Security > Devices & Sessions > _Create new app password_.  Hit "show QR Code" and then scan it with Les Pas.
```
